Sync 05-lowering-the-barriers-to-entry from Atlas (#230)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: trusted-committer/05-lowering-the-barriers-to-entry.asciidoc

include a copy of that license _and_ an explanation of the rights and
obligations in layman’s terms.

In addition to these documentary tasks, similar to Open Source
software development it should be easy and straightforward to run and test the software
being developed locally by potential https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_], so they can start implementing and validating their contribution with as little effort as
possible.

There are two common models for making contributions:
_shared repository_ and _fork and join_. Both have advantages, and as a Trusted Committer,
you want to support both models to accommodate different needs of your
potential and current https://github.com/InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath/blob/master/contributor/01-introduction-article.asciidoc[_Contributors_].
Your Contributors will often have questions about the contribution process or about the community itself, and someone has to be available to answer these questions. 
It is therefore important for any InnerSource community to
have one or more contact persons that are available for answering such

> questions. The Trusted Committer is usually that contact person, or else they need to make sure there is a community member "on call".

Reviewer: This sounds to me like there would only be one Trusted Committer, however there can be multiple. 
Putting up a suggestion here.
```suggestion
questions. Someone from the group of Trusted Committers is usually that contact person, or else they need to make sure there is a community member "on call".
```
